[auth] if auth header is present, force its use (#5684)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reference/api-server/examples/api-server-auth-proxy.rst

.. note::

    If your auth proxy is not automatically detected, try using ``sky api login --cookies`` to force auth proxy mode.

> If the `X-Auth-Request-Email` header is set by your auth proxy, SkyPilot will use it as the user name all requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `X-Auth-Request-Email` header is set by your auth proxy, SkyPilot will use it as the username in all requests (e.g., `alice@skypilot.co` will be displayed in UI and CLI).
```

Reviewer: How about moving this paragraph to end of last section? This sec is optional.

Can also add a screenshot of the UI showing `ldap@sky.your.com`.

Reviewer: <img width="589" alt="Screenshot 2025-05-22 at 19 53 29" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b61e37c0-7cf6-426d-93b3-e5c25f67cff0" />

Author: This paragraph is meant to tell the admin which header to set, if they are using a custom auth proxy.

I will add some detail about the UX in the "User flow" section.
